index.rst, before:

.. openpvtools_

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :hidden:

   introduction
   tools
   funding
   community
   challengesopportunities
   conclusions
   references

Open Source Tools for PV Modeling
=================================

Solar power researchers and engineers are developing a growing number of open source software tools for energy modeling. This website aims to catalog these tools.

Please see the companion paper in the Proceedings of the WCPEC-7 (2018).

Also see the companion presentation at the `10th PVPMC Workshop and 2018 Systems Symposium <https://pvpmc.sandia.gov/resources-and-events/events/2018-10th-pv-performance-modeling-workshop/>`_, plus additional talks on open source PV software from DOE, NREL, and Sandia.

We welcome your contributions to this archive! To contribute or update information on a tool, please submit a pull request to the `openpvtools GitHub repository <https://github.com/openpvtools/openpvtools>`_.

.. csv-table:: Table of Open Source PV Tools. A * denotes that the project is under active development.
   :file: openpvtools.csv
   :delim: ,
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 10, 10, 20, 20, 20, 10, 10
   :stub-columns: 1

Please see the linked sections to the left for discussion, or click the Next button below.

Commit message:

Add links to Sandia and NREL software indexes (#15)

index.rst, after:

.. openpvtools_

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :hidden:

   introduction
   tools
   funding
   community
   challengesopportunities
   conclusions
   references

Open Source Tools for PV Modeling
=================================

Solar power researchers and engineers are developing a growing number of open source software tools for energy modeling. This website aims to catalog these tools.

Please see the companion paper in the Proceedings of the WCPEC-7 (2018).

Also see the companion presentation at the `10th PVPMC Workshop and 2018 Systems Symposium <https://pvpmc.sandia.gov/resources-and-events/events/2018-10th-pv-performance-modeling-workshop/>`_, plus additional talks on open source PV software from DOE, NREL, and Sandia.  Additionally, some national labs maintain their own software indexes: `Sandia <https://sandialabs.github.io/category/#/ALLSOFTWARE>`_, `NREL <https://www.nrel.gov/research/software.html>`_.

We welcome your contributions to this archive! To contribute or update information on a tool, please submit a pull request to the `openpvtools GitHub repository <https://github.com/openpvtools/openpvtools>`_.

.. csv-table:: Table of Open Source PV Tools. A * denotes that the project is under active development.
   :file: openpvtools.csv
   :delim: ,
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 10, 10, 20, 20, 20, 10, 10
   :stub-columns: 1

Please see the linked sections to the left for discussion, or click the Next button below.
